Salvor: If nobody else would like to begin, I'd be happy to start. Is that okay with you all?
Salvor: Thank you for your attention. I'd like to say that, from the few years I've been here, we've been doing a wonderful job, but we aren't working at maximum capacity.
Salvor: Because of a lack of resources invested in our work - which is arguably the most important job in the entire Station, bar none - we haven't been allowed to pursue all of the research we would like to.
Salvor: Research that would benefit all of us, not just the people here, but the entire Station. I'm proud to look at how far we've come over the past years, and how much progress we have made, but I'm worried that it won't be enough.
Salvor: Unless there is a change, and we can truly work to our full capacity, we may all be doomed.
Salvor: That's why, if you would all allow me to, I plan on doing nothing but creating the best environment for all of you to do your best.
Salvor: To use your ingenuity, your creativity, your technique, your experience, to the fullest, and ultimately, save us all.
Salvor: And who knows? After that, maybe we could work even harder together to improve everyone's lives in more ways. Thank you for your attention.
Rui: Hello. I'm Rui, I'm pretty new here, but wasn't Alina doing the exact same thing? She was trying her best to give us that environment, while also verifying what we were doing was technically sound.
Krailin: Yeah! What're you tryin' to say, that she could've been doing more?
Vaeme: More than what she was already doing? How would that have been possible? We all saw how hard she was working.
Rui: It might be more accurate to say we barely saw her, she was working so hard. But really, what do you think could be done to improve the situation? What makes any of us as qualified as her?
Salvor:  If I'm being totally honest, I would be happy if I was half as qualified as her. She had an effect on all of us. But the thing is, I don't need to be. If we just keep going the way she was, and follow the path she set for us, then I'm sure it'd be a lot more manageable. She already opened a door for us. We just need to step through.
Rui: I'll be the first one to say that she did wonderfully. But Alina wasn't an administrator. Look, I didn't know her for long, but she was one of us. She was an engineer. She could make anything with fuel work - anything. But the Mechanic, the Controller and the Observer? Nobody can get them to work. They're the ones who can really make change.
Rui: And I intend to get them on our side, because if they're really here for the benefit of the Station, then they'll see that we're everyone's one and only hope for survival. And that the alternative isn't that far in the future. That's how we get the resources we need. That's how we get access to the minerals we need, instead of letting them be turned into another set of batons, or another useless toy.